### transfer overview

* check bus for alive cells by attempting to enable each mpl115a2 in turn, then pinging the address 0xC0, and recording the sensor alive if an ACK is received
* read calibration information by clocking 12B of data from offset 0x04 of each MPL115A2
* start conversion by enabling all cells (writing 0x0C to bus as address byte), then writing 0x01 to offset 0x12 of the MPL115A2s.
* disable all MPL115A2s bby writing 0x0D to bus as an address byte
* wait 1ms for conversion to complete
* read pressure and temperature information from offset 0x00 of each MPL115A2

### implementation details

On TakkTile, MPL115A2s, which lack a configurable address by default, are multiplexed by one attinyx4 microcontroller per group of five sensors.

The attinies have a base I2C address determined by their position on the board, where select pins are either shorted to ground or left floating.

The attinies act as I2C slave devices, where an internal interrupt is triggered each time an address byte is written to the bus.

Iff the address is matched (Takktile-board/main.c:123), the attiny will ACK the address byte by pulling SDA low on the next clock. 
Simultaneously, it will modify the RST pin state of the connected MPL115A2s to match the column specified in the ADDR byte, bits 1, 2, and 3. 
The RST pin state (non-inverted logic, enable=1,) is specified by bit 0 of the I2C address, such that a write transaction (ADDR bit 0 = 0) enables the sensor and a read transaction (ADDR bit 0 = 1) disables the sensor.

The exception to this described behavior is the "all-call" address, 0x0C and its complement, 0x0D. 
All attinies will listen to this address and enable or disable all the attached sensors, respectively.
This exception is intended to facilitate efficient start-conversion transactions. 
